docs(x/ecocredit): add project updates (#701)
regen-network/regen-ledger: x/ecocredit/spec/03_messages.md

- `credit_type` (the name of the credit type) must not be empty and on the list of approved credit types (the `credit_types` parameter)
- `metadata` must be less than or equal to 256 bytes

## MsgCreateProject

> `MsgCreateProject` creates a new project with a credit class ID, issuer, project location, and optional metadata. The party signing this transaction is the credit admin. 

Reviewer: isn't the party signing the tx one of the credit class issuers? see https://github.com/regen-network/regen-ledger/blob/baa7859987e2c714f4ca4106d7b764f881c38ab8/x/ecocredit/server/core/create_project.go#L23

Author: This is correct. I think this was a sloppy copy pasta.

> `MsgCreateProject` creates a new project with a credit class ID, issuer, project location, and optional metadata. The party signing this transaction is the credit issuer. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`MsgCreateProject` creates a new project with a credit class ID, issuer, project location, and optional metadata. The party signing this transaction must be the issuer, and that issuer must be a valid issuer of the project's credit class.
```
